# so-impacta
#accept(2POSIX):rede
#access(2POSIX):controle de acesso   
#bind(2POSIX):rede
#chdir(2POSIX):arquivos
#chmod(2POSIX):arquivo
#chown(2POSIX):controle de acesso
#chroot(2POSIX): sistemas de E/S
#close(2POSIX):arquivo
#connect(2POSIX):rede
#dup(2POSIX):armazenamento secundario
#dup2(2POSIX):arquivo
#fchdir(2POSIX):arquivo
#fchmod(2POSIX):arquivo
#fchown(2POSIX):arquivo
#fcntl(2POSIX):memoria principal
#flock(2POSIX):memoria principal
#fpathconf(2POSIX):memoria principal
#fstat(2POSIX):arquivo
fstatfs(2POSIX):arquivo
fsync(2POSIX):arquivo
ftruncate(2POSIX):arquivo
ftruncate(2POSIX):arquivo
getdirentries(2POSIX):arquivo
getdomainname(2POSIX):controle de acesso
getfh(2POSIX):arquivo
getfsstat(2POSIX):arquivo
gethostname(2POSIX):arquivo
getpeername(2POSIX):controle de acesso
getrlimit(2POSIX): sistemas de E/S
getsockname(2POSIX):rede
getsockopt(2POSIX):ede
gettimeofday(2POSIX):arquivo
hostname(2POSIX):controle de acesso
ioctl(2POSIX):memoria principal
link(2POSIX):memoria principal
listen(2POSIX):rede
lseek(2POSIX):arquivo
lstat(2POSIX):arquivo
mkdir(2POSIX):entrada e saida
mkfifo(2POSIX):entrada e saida 
mknod(2POSIX):entrada e saida
mmap(2POSIX):memoria principal
mount(2POSIX):arquivo
mq_close(2POSIX):processo
mq_getattr(2POSIX):processo
mq_open(2POSIX):processo
mq_receive(2POSIX):processo
mq_send(2POSIX):processo
mq_setattr(2POSIX):processo
mq_unlink(2POSIX):processo
munmap(2POSIX):arquivo
nfssvc(2POSIX):processo
open(2POSIX):processo
pipe(2POSIX):processo
read(2POSIX):entrada e saida
readlink(2POSIX):arquivo
readv(2POSIX):arquivo
recv(2POSIX):rede
recvfrom(2POSIX):arquivo
recvmsg(2POSIX):arquivo
rename(2POSIX):arquivo
rmdir(2POSIX):arquivo
select(2POSIX):processo
send(2POSIX):rede
sendmsg(2POSIX):arquivo
sendto(2POSIX):arquivo
sethostname(2POSIX):arquivo
sethostname(2POSIX):arquivo
setrlimit(2POSIX):arquivo
setsockopt(2POSIX):arquivo
settimeofday(2POSIX):arquivo
shm_open(2POSIX):memoria principal
shm_unlink(2POSIX):memoria principal
shutdown(2POSIX):arquivo
socket(2POSIX):arquivo 
socketpair(2POSIX):processo
stat(2POSIX):memoria principal
statfs(2POSIX):arquivo
swapon(2POSIX):entrada e saida 
symlink(2POSIX):memoria principal
sync(2POSIX):arquivo
truncate(2POSIX):arquivo
umask(2POSIX):rede
unlink(2POSIX):arquivo
unmount(2POSIX):arquivo
utimes(2POSIX):rede
write(2POSIX):rede
writev(2POSIX):arquivo
